EFF Improve IsolationForest predict time (#25186)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.3.rst

  out-of-bag scores via the `oob_scores_` or `oob_score_` attributes.
  :pr:`24882` by :user:`Ashwin Mathur <awinml>`.

> - |Efficiency| :class:`ensemble.IsolationForest` predict time is now faster
>   :pr:`25186` by :user:`Felipe Breve Siola <fsiola>`.

Reviewer: Let's be explicit about why retraining is necessary in this case:

```suggestion
- |Efficiency| :class:`ensemble.IsolationForest` predict time is now faster
  (typically by a factor up to 5x). Internally, the estimator now precomputes
  decision path lengths per tree at `fit` time. It is therefore not possible
  to load an estimator trained with scikit-learn 1.2 to make it predict with
  scikit-learn 1.3: retraining with scikit-learn 1.3 is required.
  :pr:`25186` by :user:`Felipe Breve Siola <fsiola>`.
```

  out-of-bag scores via the `oob_scores_` or `oob_score_` attributes.
  :pr:`24882` by :user:`Ashwin Mathur <awinml>`.

- |Efficiency| :class:`ensemble.IsolationForest` predict time is now faster

>   (typically by a 8x factor or more). Internally, the estimator now precomputes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  (typically by a factor of 8 or more). Internally, the estimator now precomputes
```
language nit

Reviewer 3: @betatim is not a 10x engineer :)
